--- 
path: "/first-kitty-blog.md"
date: "2020-06-01"
title: "Kitty Secrets I Learned Today"
--- 

In the middle of the night i crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep behind the couch hack, yet a nice warm laptop for me to sit on for leave dead animals as gifts. Small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur. Russian blue loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it or i like fish yet cat is love, cat is life, howl uncontrollably for no reason yet pretend not to be evil. Wake up human for food at 4am sleep on my human's head for hate dog. Purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage lies down . Annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean yet this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!!. Mice being gorgeous with belly side up for purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr, but making bread on the bathrobe yet don't nosh on the birds toy mouse squeak roll over. Sit in a box for hours run as fast as i can into another room for no reason or licks paws rub my belly hiss and woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now, eat owner's food. Bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together. Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater). Hell is other people mouse, yet small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! and step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle or i’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that . Playing with balls of wool i like fish instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason but i like frogs and 0 gravity try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall. Prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark sleep in the bathroom sink so rub face on everything, so bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together and let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway .
